what's going on guys this is joe from
mad custom controllers here to bring you
our first chameleon xbox one controller
um we really didn't do too much more
besides the chameleon paint which you
guys can see is changing in the colors
on would you guys saw with the ps4
controller same deal on as you guys can
see what we did was a really glossy
finish on to try and make this flawless
you know really getting you guys the
curves and keeping it all really really
good looking on as you guys can see the
MK logo now is on the back of the
controller since we don't have the
battery pack which is now in the center
as you guys know so but I mean other
than that I mean it's really just an
over glossy chameleon stock i mean
really just left everything stock what
we also did was on which i don't know
how many other people have done it but
the home button we changed out instead
of white is now blue um and we can do
any color that we can possibly get into
doing that inside the controller on this
controller was a pain to take apart um
but other than that I mean it is I like
this one way better than the original
xbox controllers on the field of it how
it is we will be working on paddles next
on where we're going to fit them both
for xbox and ps4 so be on the lookout
for that we're going to update the
website with the new order forms so you
guys can check that out really soon but
other than that you guys this is Joe
format custom controllers here to bring
you our first world's first chameleon
xbox one controller but other than that
um I will see you guys later leave a
like comment on it do whatever you want
it will be for sale if you want to buy
it but other than that you guys I will
see you guys in the next video have a
good